I am sitting here with Adam Levine who
has the film can a song save your life
but we were dialing it back reminiscing
shout out to Mitch Glazer and Kelly
Lynch and their daughter shame because I
first saw maroon 5 perform at Shane's
16th birthday which was a very long time
ago and as Adam was saying they got paid
two hundred and fifty dollars which felt
like a million dollars back then two
hundred dollars two hundred let's be
precise here that was my biggest pay get
right Thank You Mitch I appreciate it
and now look at this your TIFF for a
film uh yeah
which is kind of exciting I mean your
whole thing is just continuing to change
second third fourth fifth back I mean
obviously you've done a ton of
soundtracks
alright sorry that is Robyn's no one
ever calls me sorry that's Ari Wow Wow
yeah stops all right it's not live
it's probably your feel we are alive my
mom that's excellent
damnit mom anyway we're dialing back
talking about clearly you should all the
crazy that you've been doing
forever and the soundtracks that you've
done and now you're actually acting in a
movie what about the TV now you're
producing you've got a I saw that you're
doing that some kind of comedy possibly
or as energy oh yeah sorry I don't even
know what I'm doing yeah now you are so
many things just say you know you sold
you so little violate oh say no camera
comedy loosely based maybe on your life
maybe not with your very good longtime
friend gene not even more about me than
idea I know how about that you're good
at this
yeah you're good I'm not here for a long
time - yeah I do it was just one of
these things that my buddy and I have it
long amazing relationship friendship
that basically spans the entire length
of both of our careers and it was just a
fascinating dynamic that is a funny
story and
it seems like a story that needed to be
told and it's gonna be great we're still
obviously a very early stages of it so I
don't know really what's gonna happen
it's rolling that way and you're getting
married is that really true
that's really true Wow congratulation a
lot of going on right I know you
really do congratulation it's a lot of
broken hearts out there I'm sure but
good for you it's time as your mother
would probably very happy to hear that
you're gonna be very happy moment right
I'm married and settling down yeah
they're in shock yeah they're very
excited yeah um any more tattoos by the
end of Toronto or are we done for a
while I don't know yeah I'm running a
real estate yeah I need to slow down
nothing here up though especially bad I
was one thing I was introduced to in my
first film was the fact that you had to
cover your tattoos if your character
didn't have tattoos so they give you
like skin sleeves I mean how do you have
to like put tons of makeup on them and I
guess a lot of people have tattoos so
they do it but I have a lot more so it
sucks
you're covered in makeup mm-hmm it's
good stuff yeah not so great then it
gets on the clothes in the sleeves one
downside exactly well it's great to meet
you thanks for coming in good luck like
that I'm kind of curious to see if you
get bitten by the bug I don't know
that'll be it for me might be a warning
time I think it's a wonderful movie and
I think that I wasn't bad I don't not
saying that I was good but I don't think
I was bad
so it's a win-win maybe this will be one
for one I'll be done that's great who
knows it's great good